.1Virgin Punch
Fruity, with an instant power to boost up your energy levels, 
this juice recipe makes the most of fruits like apple, mango, orange and some sparkling lemonade. 
.2Orange and Basil Juice
Orange and basil come together to create this revitalizing drink which is perfect to beat the heat. Top it up with ice and enjoy. 
. 3Watermelon Lychee Granita
A refreshing way to beat the heat. Throw in rsome watermelon pieces along with ginger, mint leaves, lemon and lychee topped with lots of ice! 
.4Cool Kiwi Juice
A tall glass of refreshing drink with cucumber, kiwi and the zing of Thai ginger.
.5Ananas da panna
A twist to the popular mango drink, this recipe calls for fresh pineapple pulp which is blended with cumin powder, black salt and lime juice
.6Plum-ness
Time to reboot. Shake up this simple and incredibly delicious plum smoothie using juicy plums. 
This recipe of a refreshing plum drink is uses pureed plums and condensed milk which will cool you down instantly on a hot summer day.
.7Pomegranate Juice
Detox with this refreshing ayurvedic juice, packed with the goodness of beetroot and pomegranate
.8Lychee and Dill Juice
Make the most of lychees by using them to make this delicious summer cooler. Add lime and fresh dill for some zing.



1Carrot Juice
Another seasonal vegetable, but it’s amazing taste and health benefits have made it one of the most versatile veggies used for sweets, soups and juice
2Beetroot Juice
Loaded with the goodness of nature, beetroot makes for a perfect healthy juice for summers
3Bottle gourd juice
Bottle gourd juice is an unusual drink, but it’s amazing health benefits have made it a fad among health entusiastas.
4Cucumber Juice
 loaded with the goodness of nature and adding it to your summer diet can help in boosting your immunity.


1Peanut Butter and Jelly Protein Smoothie
If you're a big fan of the classic childhood sandwich, you've got to give this recipe a try—it's like sipping a little bit of salty-sweet heaven through a straw
2Spinach Flax Protein Smoothie
This is the spinach smoothie for people who don't like spinach—but want to.
3Key Lime Pie Shake
Key Lime pie may taste great, but with ingredients like heavy cream, sweetened condensed milk, butter, and sugar it's anything but great for your waistline
4Skinny High Protein Oreo Milkshake
Fat-free cottage cheese, skim milk, cookies, vanilla and a touch of Stevia team up to create a mouthwatering concoction that only tastes sinful
5Sunrise Smoothie
You'll be whisked away on a mini mental-vacation the second you start sipping this tropical-tasting smoothie.
6Dark Chocolate Peppermint Shake
This minty sweet shake allows you to enjoy the taste of Chocolate Peppermint Bark no matter what time of year it is—and without all the sugar and fat
.7Almond Butter Protein Smoothie
Made with just four ingredients, this smoothie will take you no time at all to whip up
.8Grape and Blueberry Protein Smoothie
If you're not big into the idea of using nutrition powders—or you've simply run of out your go-to—you'll love this creative recipe


1Vegan Slow Cooker Hot Cocoa
Goodness gracious, the gold touch on the rims, the coconut cream mound on top. Throw in your favorite liqueur, and you’ll be hooked.
2HOT CHOCOLATE
Hot chocolate is an excellent choice for children and even for adults sometimes, regardless of the event. There are several ways to make hot chocolate.
3apple cider
There are so many varieties of this drink that you will need several weeks in order to taste each one of them. 
4COFFEE
Ah coffee, a hot beverage that awakens the mind and gives energy to some people. Many drink it black, with milk or only with sugar


1Strawberry-Chocolate Smoothie
This creamy, rich strawberry-chocolate smoothie will satisfy any chocolate cravings. It's so decadent you might want it as a dessert, too.
2Cherry-Mocha Smoothie
For a fast-paced breakfast on the go, give your blender a whirl.
3Silky Chocolate Milkshake
This easy chocolate milkshake is high in protein
4Peanut Butter & Chocolate Banana Smoothie
Whir up frozen bananas with peanut butter and cocoa in this sweet, 



1Peach Blueberry Smoothie
This sweet smoothie will have you feeling like it's summertime in the dead of winter with blueberries and peaches.
2Green Tea, Blueberry, and Banana Smoothie

3 Very Berry Breakfast Smoothie
Start your day off with a bang with this fruit-packed breakfast smoothie
4Just Peachy Smoothie
Fat-free vanilla ice cream makes this protein-packed smoothie sinful yet slimming. 


1Arnold Palmer
Arguably the best-known of all the virgin drinks
2Shirley Temple
It's a favorite for kids and adults alike and there's no need to wait for your next night out to enjoy this semi-sweet old-fashioned soda.
3Roy Rogers
hough it's sometimes called a cherry cola, it's actually flavored with grenadine, a pomegranate syrup, and allows you to use your favorite cola
4Lime Rickey
Cool, refreshing, and not too sweet, it's hard to beat the crisp taste of a lime rickey


